Expose embed_frames on VideoDataset ingest APIs. (#1576)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Python SDK: `embed_frames` parameter on `VideoDataset.add_videos_from_path` and `VideoDataset.add_videos_from_youtube_vis`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python SDK: Allow embedding video frames by adding the `embed_frames` parameter to `VideoDataset.add_videos_from_path` and `VideoDataset.add_videos_from_youtube_vis`
```
